{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17960\viewh10240\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 	This plug-in will be designed as a signal path for a digital electric guitar solution. I would like to attempt to try and make this a full on amp modeling plug-in as that is what I would like to work towards doing with my career. However, I\'92m not sure if I will have the time or the knowledge to make this an accurate amp modeling situation. So, my alternative idea, and what I know I can start on immediately, is creating simply a guitar pedalboard essentially. A solution that provides a highly dynamic tone and that signature DI guitar sound that Mk.Gee uses. This will consist of four main \'93circuits\'94: a compressor, a drive, a delay, and a reverb. The compressor will have the standard controls of threshold, output, and ratio. The drive will just have drive, output, and potentially a basic eq/tone. The delay will be a simple delay with adjustable mix. And finally, the reverb will be a hall styled verb with mix and length controls. \
\
	The things that I will need to figure out how to do mostly revolve around a few of the smaller controls. Firstly, I will need to attempt to learn how to code in an adjustable ratio for the compressor. Secondly, the eq for the drive pedal(s) will be challenging as we only covered basic filters last semester. Finally, the reverb will be the last more difficult piece as I want it to be a fairly accurate hall reverb.}